feat: adds limits for MVI (#447)
momentohq/public-dev-docs: docs/vector-index/manage/limits.md

---
sidebar_position: 4
sidebar_label: Service Limits
title: Service limits
pagination_next: null
description: Explore Momento Vector Index service limits, the default values, and how to get them changed if you need.
---

# Service Limits for Momento Cache and Momento Topics

Momento Vector Index seeks to protect itself and their customers when it comes to service resources. To do this, every account and index have service limits, or what we call "guardrails" (like a curvy mountain road) to help keep operations running how they should and as smoothly as possible. This page outlines the default service limits:

| Momento Vector Index limits | Value |
|-----------------------------|-------|
| Total Indexes               | 5     |
| Vector Max Dimensions       | 2500  |

## Soft limits and support

> The limits on this page are soft limits that can be altered unless specifically denoted. If you need limits adjusted, please reach out to [Momento Support](mailto:support@momentohq.com). Please include your login email, the name of the index(s) to be altered, the cloud+region the cache is located in (e.g. AWS eu-west-1), and which limits from the list you’d like increased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The limits on this page are soft limits that can be altered unless specifically denoted. If you need limits adjusted, please reach out to [Momento Support](mailto:support@momentohq.com). Please include your login email, the name of the index(es) to be altered, the cloud+region the cache is located in (e.g. AWS us-west-2), and which limits from the list you’d like increased.
```
